intro changes for smooth migration zeebe user tasks next (#4723)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/java-client/zeebe-process-test.md

verify your process behaves as expected.

:::note

> As of 8.5.0, Zeebe Process Test does not support the new REST API and related features (e.g. Camunda user tasks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of 8.5.0, Zeebe Process Test does not support the new REST API and related features (for example, Camunda user tasks).
```
